The only reason any person does not have enough money is because they are blocking money from coming to them with their 
thoughts. Every negative thought, feeling, or emotion is blocking 
your good from coming to you, and that includes money. It is not 
that the money is being kept from you by the Universe, because all 
the money you require exists right now in the invisible. If you do 
not have enough, it is because you are stopping the flow of money 
coming to you, and you are doing that with your thoughts. You 
must tip the balance of your thoughts from lack-of-money to more than-enough-money. Think more thoughts of abundance than of 
lack, and you have tipped the balance. 
When you need money, it is a powerful feeling within you, and so 
of course through the law of attraction you will continue to attract 
needing money. 
I can speak from experience about money, because just before I 
discovered The Secret my accountants told me that my company 
you look at the check, feel the feelings of having that money now. 
Imagine spending that money, all the things you will buy and the 
things you will do. Feel how wonderful that is! Know it is yours, 
because when you ask, it is. We have received hundreds of stories 
from people who have brought huge sums of money to them using 
The Secret check. It's a fun game that works! 
100 The Secret 
had suffered a major loss that year, and in three months it would 
be history. After ten years of hard work, my company was about to 
slip through my fingers. And as I needed more money to save my 
company, things just got worse. There seemed no way out. 
Then I discovered The Secret, and everything in my life—including the state of my company—was totally transformed, because I 
changed the way I was thinking. As my accountants continued to 
fuss about the figures and focus on that, I kept my mind focused on 
abundance and all being well. I knew with every fiber of my being 
that the Universe would provide, and it did. It provided in ways I 
could not have imagined. I had my moments of doubt, but when 
the doubt came I immediately moved my thoughts to the outcome 
of what I wanted. I gave thanks for it, I felt the joy of it, and I believed. 
I want to let you in on a secret to The Secret. The shortcut to anything you want in your life is to BE and FEEL happy now! It is the 
fastest way to bring money and anything else you want into your 
life. Focus on radiating out into the Universe those feelings of joy 
and happiness. When you do that, you will attract back to you all 
things that bring you joy and happiness, which will not only include an abundance of money, but everything else you are wanting. You must radiate out the signal to bring back what you want. 
As you radiate out those feelings of happiness, they will be sent 
back to you as the pictures and experiences of your life. The law of 
attraction is reflecting back your innermost thoughts and feelings 
as your life. 
